fix(inputs.snmp): snmp UseUnconnectedUDPSocket when using udp (#10331)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/snmp/README.md

  ## SNMP version; can be 1, 2, or 3.
  # version = 2

>   ## If set to true changes to be an unconnected UDP socket
>   ## This is used when network gear isn't smart enough to send SNMP
>   ## reponses from the address it recieved the request on. 
>   ## This opens a unconnected UDP socket and use sendto/recvfrom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## Unconnected UDP socket
  ## When true, SNMP reponses are accepted from any address not just
  ## the requested address. This can be useful when gathering from
  ## redundant/failover systems.
```

sudo tcpdump -s 0 -i eth0 -w telegraf-snmp.pcap host 127.0.0.1 and port 161
```

## Metrics

> The field and tags will depend on the table and fields configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field and tags will depend on the table and fields configured.
```
